rename use_operating_system_account to use_default_broker_account (#34833)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/identity/azure-identity-broker/README.md

ms-appx-web://Microsoft.AAD.BrokerPlugin/{client_id}
```

## Use the default account for sign-in

> When this option is specified the credential will attempt to silently use the default broker account. If using the default account fails, the credential will fall back to interactive authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the `use_default_broker_account` argument is set to `True`, the credential will attempt to silently use the default broker account. If using the default account fails, the credential will fall back to interactive authentication.
```
